hello everyone with you nick and today I want
to tell
bug novices who play
counter-strike and not only 16 and errors
also present on other versions
let's start the first mistake of course so
at
some people are more like newbies
counter strike replace procure these
submachine guns
and also some buy shotguns
it will not understand it
worth it because it does not count you
adequate person
the maximum is that people are less adequate
buy it tab 4 and of course
gun it go home
that sort of thing and maybe here either
cockerel or rattle nothing more
to produce a new beginners second mistake
this is a quick purchase
and rush which just stand at the base of abu
purchased and quickly return taking a knife
they run over here or there
would run from here and they don't represent
what is here
they are already waiting for pounds of the shooting range do not know
that from here the future of terrorists is not
this point of the field
that rashid rashid sense is only and
forces rashite whole team still third
error is this distribution
teams for example a team of five people
and three people were running one man
budget seku normal person
run on i sit and help mate and
fans on top of those who do not give
because if I go teacher
the heating ridge is somehow not very
good because whitefish is not alone
so further one more mistake
newbies are flavors that they
buy and just run also with fake
somewhere under your feet and so on
Topics
but fate throw out and here
what else quran about paper
throwing grenades is necessary only when
I know that for example somewhere in the bank
for example, you are sitting here on the shifta and
hear someone from the can quietly quiet
sneaks then you take a grenade
that is, only when you know what
there will be another beginners mistake this
for example novice do you even see
that he has a bomb this floor does not herachit
forward stupa herachit forward for example
there you run to love this here
avoid here you kill here
for example dofiga map and the bomb just here
here will lie and all of that
counter-terrorists will just feed
the bomb is all that is nobody to her
will do if you have a bomb then
please be careful or just give it back
pump to your intimate
one more mistake for newbies is incomprehensible
recharge ie for example a person
just leaving so pharmacy with something
cartridges and then 26 then find
He charges, that is, this is nothing at all
do not do it because well, it's stupid
takes time in this moment
recharging you can kill all three
patron just fired and that is
these three cartridges in life with 100
well you still change the subject too
it also happens that I am not a pro
the player that's what else is of course so
the habit of most people is to change
weapon against priests
changed but this is the opposite of it too
mistake when here you change with you can
get there well i'm obsessed by some other one
of the mistakes of course
and vp but if your team has
vp
even if you play a good
so please do not buy it
because well, I understand here is the maximum ec2
more minutes and it can never
cool very another beginners mistake
when for example people run there people
go on sifte I calmly all come
depends beginners beginner here's a query
we throw a grenade in there
la la la la la la this is quieter
adequate
and don't run right and the last mistake
beginners who are straight generally there molting
they go like this that is they go and u
gender they aim here comes marriage
ridges he just do not have time
yes of course not
thats not about
general I told about all the dick at those
problems that I know all write to
comments what else mistakes newbies
there is
the like